# DATACo-Smart-Supply-Chain-Management-Analysis-using-Tableau

DATACo Global is one of the largest independent Data and Information Management Service companies to the global upstream Oil and Gas industry. It is found in 2001, the company has provided wide services and solutions to many of the leading exploration and production companies. Generally, an E&P company finds and extracts raw materials used in a business. The company’s main goal is to focus on the Upstream Oil & Gas, and it offers their clients to use locked-in products or cross-industry generic solutions provided by the multi-industry service companies. They seek to build a long-term business relationships built on quality, reliability, and trust. It is an UK based company and has around a hundred employees in it. In short Supply Chain Management is the set of activities that can be done by an organization to deliver goods and raw materials to the customers.
Supply chain management is the processing of the entire production flow of a product or service. This is from raw materials to delivery of the final product to the consumer. A typical Supply Chain Management works in 5 phases – Planning, Sourcing, Manufacturing, Delivery and Logistics, and Returning. Normally, SCM seeks to centrally control or link the production, shipping, and distribution of products. By managing the supply chain, businesses can reduce excessive costs and deliver products to consumers faster. This is done by more tightly controlling the company's internal inventory, internal production, distribution, sales, and inventory held by the company's suppliers.
